let's begin you laughs you lose skepta
do full uber I do season 1 episode 1
pilot prequel beta version version alpha
1.1 let's frickin do this let's just
jump into it see ya oh they're all so
simple you like you lose smash like
right now to accept this challenge and
it smells like if you are watching this
video right now let's freakin do this
I am excited what do you guys is that ma
put the dogs away do something in the
backyard
what is it done ma put the dogs away
there's something in the back you're
heartless person what is that it's a cam
yeah oh my God he's back cops Colette is
back yeah no stupid ugly cat is that
real is that like makeup it's wearing
makeup Wilfred Wilfred warrior
oh my god Oh oh my god
[Music]
well afraid oh come on it doesn't count
if it's Wilfred I didn't know it was
Wilfred health back please namaste best
freak'n oh my god
first you get your you mean okay and
this is half a teacher how would you
kill your sister everyone let's Rick and
do this what did you go and this is half
packager okay looks like I'm still in
the game boys
Oh God
that is not funny Peter please
unsubscribe right now I don't need your
judgment here that was funny my dude
just yo to gator you have a leader Gator
yeah hey I didn't know if this would be
funny just for me or if we was funny for
other people cuz I I always really
appreciate when fans are you know
express their gratitude or whatever but
I never know how to respond I don't know
like thank you though I can really say
say but you can't ask for a better
career Tyler than that alright I don't
think I'm doing very good by the way
what's my health let's check it out
looks like I'm still winning smash like
if you're also a person just a little
sodium chloride absolutely dude it's so
spicy
no dude you said sodium chloride yes
it's the same assault but you could have
just said salt instead everyone in this
town knows you're a boy genius dude you
don't need to say overly large words to
sound more intelligent the fact of the
matter is that nobody cares how smart
you are if anything calling simplistic
objects by their scientific name
ironically makes you seem less
intelligent more pompous I know you're
smart enough to be better than this by
the way I think I can pull off a Jimmy
Neutron haircut
[Music]
got to do this you got to do the swirl
oh yeah oh yeah what age did my lyrics
when did my internet start it started
when I touched it it started when I was
I think I think Dave told me about her
cuz she had a she had a tick of bitch I
don't know if it's her but I let me
check are you planning on playing any
other games on this channel I do play
other games sometimes I'm currently
working on it with a potato PC so I am
it's given up on me a few times when
I've tried to play other games but I do
play the forest I play Bioshock I play
with my deck on a Tuesday from you and
Jesus Thank You Sonya what have I done I
think she mentioned that she's okay with
people laughing about it that's why okay
beyond first interview but five hundred
percent facial animations great that me
Oh God I was just facial animations
again that's great
hello Jodie come in Oh oh no deaf oh
please no oh god I name is Nathan Nathan
Dawkins I thought it would be a good
idea for us to have a little chat get to
know the cat Elise no please
that is if it's okay with you of course
what is happening how do you make these
[Music]
you like it I wonder if they did it
beyond two souls can have it if you want
oh my god stop oh they had they have
okay let's check it out I found you by
the side of the road beyond was there an
accident DPO 23 please please make one
what is it called Detroit Detroit become
human that would be so good love that no
what are you doing
what is bright sound toothache 3 sound
like of course how could I have been so
stupid
obviously sir officers in Lancaster
Pennsylvania we're asking people to be
on the lookout for a man who robbed a
store and I think yeah I think we do we
do have it descriptor we take that let's
take his description
okay this is the guy okay well I don't
wonder people in Pennsylvania to be out
on the lookout for he's got duck was
gonna nose and some pears this
particular please do the crime kind of
[Music]
actually caught this guy here's a
picture of the real guy that cannot be
real I hope it is the guy dad
oh geez oh geez looks like I'm real oh
ah guys ah it looks like I'm gonna have
to tap out sorry the Los Feliz play the
rest of the clips without me I would
make it easier all genders are country
old people we're gamers oh my god thank
you
finally a man that sees beyond the wall
where our gamers smh man it makes me so
sick that gamers keepo never faced this
sorry
discrimination sorry for late reply was
watching YouTube please say no wait now
do you watch PT no okay
okay what the hell is your problem
duckling okay have you killed your whole
family killed this is not a threat
subscribers okay fine your your back in
the game Dolan fine
why Luigi number one no in this time
that was great that was great skater for
Lou Retton money
an epic episode I will say that was
pretty happy yeah yeah let's go with
that I'll see you guys tomorrow on the
next episode of whatever is up tomorrow
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
[Music]
[Applause]